---
title: 'Building a React Typescript App With Auth0 Redux'
excerpt: 'Second blog post'
coverImage: '/assets/blog/first-post/cover.jpg'
date: '2021-03-16T05:35:07.322Z'
author:
  name: Me
  picture: '/assets/blog/authors/avatar.png'
ogImage:
  url: '/assets/blog/first-post/cover.jpg'
---

# Breaking free of analysis paralysis

When trying to start a new SPA app I often find myself unable to ever make meaningful progress due to the plethora of available options out there.

I initially started using create-react-app with Typescript. I had heard good things about tailwindcss so I decided to add that. 

When I had everything configured correctly I was still stuck with the default landing page that is auto-generated by create-react-app. I started looking at what tailwindcss actually is and didn't even know how to start building anything meaningful.

I was poking around in the Auth0 tutorials and noticed they were using something called reactstrap which appeared to be a react based bootstrap. 

That got me thinking why am I wasting so much time trying to use the perfect tools instead of actually building anything. Instead of searching for the new hotness just find the most popular component library and use that to plug in default components for you.

I have absolutely no skills when it comes to front-end development and design so the less I have to do the better.

I ended up settling on the very familiar material-ui. Although immediately after adding it to my project I am reminded how annoying it actually is to use. Each component is imported individually with a long, long import statement like `@material-ui/core/Container`. VSCODE is no help when it comes to auto importing these libraries so you end up having to do tons of copy/paste to get anything working.

Regardless, I am actually doing something now and making progress.